RHIDP-3022: Document how to track changes to catalog database (#371)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/getting-started/con-audit-log-track-changes-catalog.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="con-audit-log-track-changes-catalog_{context}"]

> = Tracking changes in the {product-short} catalog database

Reviewer: Headings that start with gerunds indicate procedural modules. I recommend changing the heading to:
```suggestion
= Changes in the {product-short} catalog database
```

> In {product} {ocp-version-min} and later, changes to the catalog database are forwarded to a central log management system, such as ElasticSearch or Splunk by default. Tracking changes that add, remove, or update data in the catalog database informs administrators of user actions to help ensure accountability and transparency.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In {product} {ocp-version-min} and later, changes to the catalog database are forwarded to a central log management system, such as ElasticSearch or Splunk by default. Changes that add, remove, or update data in the catalog database inform administrators of user actions, ensuring accountability and transparency.
```
